# 5.1 Beneficial and Harmful Effects
---------
## Notes
* People create computing innovations
* The way people complete tasks often changes to incorporate new computing innovations
* Not every effect of a computing innovation is anticipated in advance
* A single effect can be viewed as both beneficial and harmful by different people or even by the same person
* Advances in computing have generated and increased creativity in other fields such as medicine, engineering, communications, and the arts
* Responsible programmers try to consider the unintended ways their computing innovations can be used and the potential beneficial and harmful effects of these new uses
* It is not possible for a programmer to consider all the ways a computing innovation can be used
* Rapid sharing of a program or running a program with numerous users can result in significant impacts beyond the intended purpose or control of the programmer.

## Actions
### Come up with three of your own Beneficial and corresponding Harmful Effects of Computing
Beneficial effects: connection, organizing and searching for information, accuracy
Negative effects: overuse, tracking people, hacking

### Talk about dopamine issues above. Real? Parent conspiracy? Anything that is impacting your personal study and success in High School?
Dopamine issues are real, as they cause seriuos addictions, especially within teenagers. People can get dopamine rushes from shopping, smelling something good, screens, etc. Dopamine is especially found in technology, which is kind of an addictiton I struggle with, as I spend too much time on my phone or computer that I tend to put off homework.

