### <a href=".">Homepage</a>
# 5.2 Digital Divide
--------

## Notes
* The “digital divide” refers to the differing access to computing devices and the Internet, based on socio-economic geographic, or demographic characteristics
* The digital divide can affect both groups and individuals
* The digital divide raises issues of equity, access, and influence, both globally, and locally
* The digital divide is affected by the actions of individuals, organizations, and governments

## Actions
### How does someone empower themself in a digital world?
Someone can empower themself by learning efficient way sto access the internet. It is also important to know the positives and negatives of the internet, as well as how to avoid certain risks, such as malware and hackers.

### How does someone that is empowered help someone that is not empowered? Describe something you could do at Del Norte HS.
Someone that is empowered can help someone that is not empowered by sharing how to effectively access the internet. For example, older individuals may have a harder time understanding how to use complex technology, so younger people can help by teaching them how to do something simple like browsing the web. Something you can do at DNHS is to help people who aren't as educated on how to properly use their technology.

### Is paper or red tape blocking digital empowerment? Are there such barriers at Del Norte? Elsewhere?
Red tape blocks digital empowerment because it blocks certain websites and information that could be used to teach students. One such barrier at Del Norte are certain websites that are blocked by wifi restrictions. Another example of digital censorship is in countries with digital censorship, such as in Russia where websites with certain information are withheld from the public.

