{% include navigation.html %}

# 5.6 Safe Computing
--------

## Notes
* PII can be used to stalk or steal the identity of a person or to aid in the planning of other criminal acts
* Authentication measures protect devices and information from unauthorized access. Examples of authentication measures include strong passwords and multifactor authentication
* A strong password is something that is easy for a user to remember but would be difficult for someone else to guess based on knowledge of that user
* Phishing is a technique that attempts to trick a user into providing personal information. That personal information can then be used to access sensitive online resources, such as bank accounts and emails
* Keylogging is the use of a program to record every keystroke made by a computer user in order to gain fraudulent access to passwords and other confidential information


## Actions
### Describe PII you have seen on project in CompSci Principles.
When we did CRUD last tri, with the information of the person in the database.

### What are your feelings about PII and your exposure?
I try my best to make strong passwords but I don't think too much about security.

### Describe good and bad passwords? What is another step that is used to assist in authentication.
A good password will be one of different characters and symbols. A bad password is one that is too predictable. Another step that is used to assist in authentication is multi-factor authentication. For exaomple, this could be a 6 digit code that is sent to your email or phone number.

### Try to describe Symmetric and Asymmetric encryption.
Symmetric: uses a public key to encrypt and decrypt

Asymmetric: uses a public key to encyrpt and a private key to decrypt
### Provide and example of encryption we used in deployment.
An example of encryption we used in deployment is through the use of an ssl certificate.

### Describe a phishing scheme you have learned about the hard way. Describe some other phishing techniques.
I have never fell for a phishing scheme but I have seen email phishing a lot. I was made sure to delete the emails and not click on the links. Another type of phishing technique is deceptive phishing.
